Some of the biggest regrets that I have really revolve around my college
career. So one of the biggest ones that's effecting me now is the
fact that I don't know Japanese while I'm living in Japan. I remember
being in my Japanese class and having all these conjee homework assignments
and you know opening your book and reading and practicing
and there was a time that I kinda just wanted to relax and enjoy my
summer and I didn't practice and because I didn't practice during that
intensive time with people who really wanted to see me succeed,
who had all the tools, who had all the the toys and the stickers and
everything that's helped me succeed, worksheets, and I just didn't
do that and now I'm suffering for it. Now I can't communicate with the
people around me. Another one is programming, there are so many opportunities
to go talk to really smart people at Berkeley, who had
the time and the knowledge and the care and the money to sit down and
really give me that tutoring one on one session, but I didn't go to
those things and now I'm suffering for it. Now I'm not the best computer
science programer around because I didn't take advantage of those
resources. There are others, but mainly it's that I didn't try
harder the student